Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!
VRAINS...
(Ghost Gal)
People are getting zapped again!
Bohman is using
his Neuron Link
so that he can absorb
everyone's energy
in order to power his duel.
We need to shut
this system down now.
(Ai)
It's another Data Storm!
I use more humans to activate
Master Storm Access!
So you think you can sever
Bohman's Neuron Link
by pulling LINK VRAINS and
Mirror LINK VRAINS apart?
(Hanoi)
Yes, but only with your help.
It won't be easy,
but it's the only way.
Unbelievable-- the Hanoi
actually expect me
to work with them,
after all they did?
Oh, lighten up, Akira.
They just want our help
in stopping a common foe.
Tell the Hanoi that
the plan is a go.
(Playmaker)
I Fusion Summon!
Rise up,
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
(screeching)
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON's
ability activates!
By discarding three cards,
my DRAGON gains 1000
attack points per card.
(Ai)
It's now stronger
than your DRAGRID.
You said you prepared
for everything,
but it seems you didn't
prepare for this!
Stay alert everyone--
when Bohman activates its Skill,
that's our chance
to strike.
That is correct, and we will
only have mere moments
to try to separate
the two LINK VRAINS
and sever Bohman's
its Neuron Link.
Let's hope our new
partners are up to the task.
It's panic central
out there,
and I'm sure that
it's only gonna get worse.
Try not to focus on them,
focus on what we have
to do to save them.
You really stepped in the
sauce this time, Bohman!
Our QUANTUM DRAGON is now
stronger than your DRAGRID!
Yes, but I do not
understand
how that is supposed
to concern me.
Huh?
You also summoned
that QUANTUM DRAGON
on your previous turn in an
attempt to destroy my DRAGRID.
And I recall that it didn't
turn out so well for you.
But that was then
and this is now!
And what makes you believe
that now is any better?
Since that turn, even as
we have been dueling,
I have used my
Neuron Link to continue
absorbing human minds.
I have also been putting
those minds to work,
using them
to conceive of new
and different tactics to
use against you, Playmaker.
You tried to outthink me
before but could not--
so logically it will be
impossible for you
to outthink me now.
I know that
it won't be easy,
but I also know
nothing is impossible.
But we know only
one of us can be right,
so I'm gonna prove
you wrong!
If you think you can,
then go for it.
Ya know how I was
really confident
like forty seconds ago?
Well, that was before
I got to thinkin'--
our attack is only gonna
work as long as Bohman
doesn't activate
his Skill again.
But with his Neuron Link,
you know he's gonna--
you just know he's gonna!
Ugh!
Then perhaps the Hanoi
can be of assistance.
But don't respond, or you'll
attract Bohman's attention.
Since time is of
the essence, I'll be brief.
We are working with Zaizen
and Ghost Gal
to pull the two
Link VRAINS apart,
which will sever
Bohman's Neuron Link.
But this can only
be done the instant
it activates its Skill.
That will also be the optimal
moment for you to attack.
Get ready...
I activate my Skill!
If you're gonna do
somethin', do it now!
(Klarissa) Bohman
activated its Skill.
Initiate the program now!
(laughing)
Initiating now.
(Alec)
Zaizen, upload the virus!
(Zaizen)
Uploading!
Oh, come on!
The security system
blocked the virus
from launching automatically.
So we're gonna have to
trigger it manually.
Let me handle it.
After all, I did help
design the security system.
Our attack from outside
LINK VRAINS
is at maximum strength.
Let's hope the attack from
inside LINK VRAINS also works.
(Bohman)
Something feels off.
Someone's attempting to hack
their way into my system!
I see that it's
Zaizen and Ghost Gal!
And the Knights of Hanoi!
(Ai)
Aw, glitch! Busted!
And with that,
the security system's clear!
Continue with the upload!
Watch out!
Emma, no!
Well, don't just sit there.
You have a job to finish,
so finish it.
Now activating
the virus... go!
(Bohman)
Their plan was quite clever.
But a plan is only
as good as its execution.
And in this, your friends
failed, miserably.
Instead of breaking
my Neuron Link,
they both fell prey to it.
The minds of Zaizen
and Ghost Gal now belong to me.
Zaizen, and Ghost Gal,
as well?
Despite all of the evidence,
you still thought
their plan could work?
Akira... I'm here.
Sky!
Were you foolishly
hoping for a miracle?
(growling)
I wasn't hoping
for a miracle.
I just believe
in my friends.
Playmaker!
Well, this time your
friends failed you.
Watch, as I acquire
a new card
from the Data Storm!
Master Storm Access!
What's this?
Bohman's Skill
didn't activate.
But I thought Bohman
stopped Zaizen
from workin' his plan!
Did your plan work?
I don't see how
without Zaizen's assistance.
He did it.
Zaizen and Ghost Gal
severed the Neuron Link.
But it cost them dearly.
Seems my friends
didn't fail.
(Ai)
Uh, maybe Bohman
should lie down.
This can't be!
You see that?
And you see that?
Ghosts!
Those aren't ghosts.
These are all people
who've been trapped
inside of Link VRAINS.
Well, they look
like ghosts to me!
The Neuron Link has been
taken out of commission!
Excellent,
now log out as many people
as you can, and do it now!
Chief! It's working!
You did it!
Chief? Hello?
Zaizen? Zaizen!
Playmaker, we can't
let Zaizen and Gore Gal
sacrifice themselves
for nothing!
We won't, we'll seize
the chance they gave us...
and attack with--
our DRAGON!
I still have one last move!
I activate CHIMERA
HYDRADRIVE DRAGRID's
special ability!
Judgment Dice!
No way! It stopped on
the Light icon!
And that Attribute
doesn't help you.
Meaning you will be
unable to stop
our upcoming attack,
Bohman!
Make the play, Playmaker!
Attack!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON,
destroy CHIMERA
HYDRADRIVE DRAGRID!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
Clean his clock!
Pulsating Surge!
Oh yeah!
Bossed n' tossed!
Our life points
are now equal.
You can call us
life point buddies!
(Bohman)
No, I don't think I will.
Hey, Boss!
I think Playmaker's chances
are way better
than Bohman's now.
Easy, there, listen up!
Winning's no sure thing.
I'd say Playmaker's
chances of winning
are just over 100 percent.
[laughing]
But ya can't have more than
a hundred percent of anything!
I disagree with that
two hundred percent!
You two seem to feel
that this duel
has turned
in your favor,
but I assure you,
it has not.
What's he doing?
Aw, glitch!
He mashed the two LINK
VRAINS back together again!
(Bohman)
Yes, thus allowing
my Neuron Link
to return to full strength.
You see, your bonds
of friendship
may have
broken my Neuron Link,
but unlike your bonds,
mine are more than
capable of being restored.
And when they are
fully restored,
I will use them
to absorb more humans
and draw further
strength into me!
Our plan failed!
Is there really no way
to defeat this thing?
Hmm, his Neuron Link
isn't fully juiced-up yet...
And it never will be
while I'm on duty!
Ai, stop!
Hang tight, Playmaker,
I got this!
Ai, wait!
What are you doing?
I'm livin' large
and takin' charge--
'cause somebody's gotta shut
down that Neuron Link!
Hold on,
you're doing what?
I'm pretty sure
you heard me.
So pretending that you didn't?
Kinda rude.
This is unreal--
I just don't believe it!
The Dark Ignis is trying to stop
the Neuron Link by itself.
You'd give up your own
existence for these humans?
Ai, you don't need
to do this!
I know I don't need to,
I want to.
Besides, you gotta win
this duel for everybody,
and that won't happen if Bohman
gets his Neuron Link back.
I'll stop you!
Stay away!
Remember, Playmaker, this isn't
just our duel anymore--
it's Kolter's duel too!
And Soulburner's!
And Blue Maiden's
and Zaizen's,
and Gore Gal's!
Even Varis and Spectre's!
Come back!
This duel is for everybody
who fell so we could
make it here!
And I'm not forgetting Flame,
Aqua and Earth too!
Or Windy and Lightning!
'Cause even though it wasn't
what we pictured,
they wanted peace too.
So if we're all gonna
win this together,
I gotta do my part,
even if I gotta leave
a few parts of me behind!
And after all this is over,
if you wanna
build a statue of me,
I'm not gonna say no.
So just win this duel.
Later, Playmaker!
(Playmaker)
Ai!
Good-bye, Master.
How utterly pointless.
To think that a program would
sacrifice itself for a human?
Pointless, huh?
Yes, pointless-- I'm only
speaking the truth, Playmaker.
You're wrong!
What Ai just did has given me
a chance to win this duel.
That's the opposite
of pointless!
And if you still don't
believe me, I'll prove it to
you!
Speeches and words
will not win you this duel--
it's the cards and
strategies that will,
and I have
the advantage in both.
But only for now.
For you see even though
you hold an advantage,
that doesn't mean
it's going to last.
Then you are bound
to be disappointed
when the advantage
remains mine and you lose.
You are only
a human after all.
Now back to the duel.
I draw.
First I will activate the spell
card HYDRADRIVE READVENT!
I can resurrect a monster
from my graveyard
by negating its
special abilities,
as long as my monster
has fewer attack points
than the strongest
monster on your field.
Return,
CHIMERA HYDRADRIVE DRAGRID!
My DRAGRID will be
automatically destroyed
at the end of my turn-- but this
duel won't last that long.
B-B-Boss! Bohman's
baddest bullying brute
is back in battle!
Baloney, bub!
Our boy's beefier brawler
will best Bohman's behemoth!
I activate my Link Spell!
Go JUDGMENT ARROWS!
I bake bat back!
Bound the banic balarm!
JUDGMENT ARROWS can double
DRAGRID's attack points,
making it stronger
than CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON.
That'll spell doom
for Playmaker!
I told you before
that Ai's sacrifice
was pointless and I will
now demonstrate why.
I activate my Skill!
Your Skill?
But how? The Neuron Link
was already destroyed!
How can this be possible?
Because rather than
absorb human energy,
I can instead absorb
the energy of this world
to fuel my Skill!
(shouting)
Fly!
My head is spinning, Boss!
My whole body is!
Oh no!
It can use its Skill
without a Neuron Link,
so then all of our hard work
was for nothing.
What you're doing
will destroy this world!
Destroying this world
is a small price to pay,
if you are defeated.
And now,
by using my Skill...
A new card arrives into
the palm of my hand!
And I'll now generate
my circuit to summon it!
I set my DRAGRID
in the Link Arrow!
Bear witness to a monster
that has no equal!
The very embodiment
of perfection!
I Link Summon!
Link 5 PERFECTRON
HYDRADRIVE DRAGON!
PERFECTRON uses
its special ability
to gain five
HYDRADRIVE Counters.
And that is only
the beginning.
For each HYDRADRIVE Counter
my PERFECTRON gains
an extra 1000 attack points.
It has 5000 attack points!?
Even worse--
with JUDGMENT ARROWS,
Bohman's attack points
will be doubled!
That means
this single attack
will not only put an end
to Playmaker and this duel...
but also this entire world
and every human in existence!
It's over!
Not so fast!
I activate the trap card
RETURN RISK RESERVOIR!
It revives a Level 1 monster
from my graveyard.
Come back, PROTRON!
Next, I activate
LINKURIBOH's special ability!
Then by tributing PROTRON,
I can resurrect LINKURIBOH
from my graveyard!
And due to RETURN RISK
RESERVOIR's effect,
I draw a card-- ha!
None of that
changes anything!
PERFECTRON HYDRADRIVE
DRAGON-- attack!
I'll use LINKURIBOH's
ability!
By tributing it,
your monster's attack points
drop to 0 until
the end of the turn.
Huh. This move neutralized
JUDGMENT ARROWS
because doubling 0
attack points is still 0.
And if it doesn't have
any attack points,
there's no way that it will
decide to attack him.
Hmm. Was that strategy of yours
supposed to scare me off?
Because I'm still going
to attack you now!
What?
But why would you?
Because, I have
the superior monster
with the superior abilities.
Several of which you're
about to experience!
First I'll take no damage
from this battle.
And second, by removing
one Counter
PERFECTRON cannot
be destroyed.
What's the point of
that attack?
All that attack did was
waste a HYDRADRIVE Counter.
You're up to something.
Something else indeed,
and it's this...
When PERFECTRON HYDRADRIVE
DRAGON battles,
not only are all your
monsters destroyed,
but you also take
300 points of damage
for every HYDRADRIVE Link
Monster in my graveyard.
What?
Bohman has eight monsters in
the grave that fit that bill.
That means Playmaker is going
to take 2400 points of damage!
With that attack
I end my turn.
Playmaker managed
to hang on.
By a thread.
Look where your
stubbornness has gotten you--
laying on the ground
in pain
when all that could've
been avoided.
Maybe so, but know
that my stubbornness
has also given me a chance
to win this duel.
A chance I won't waste.